feat(s3): rearrange content MTA-3637 (#2109)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/objectstorage.mdx

> Each Scaleway's project can use up to 250 TB of Object Storage resources. If you wish to increase your Object Storage quota, contact the Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Scaleway Project can use up to 250 TB of Object Storage resources. If you wish to increase your Object Storage quota, contact Scaleway's support team.
```
